1. Im going to be honest, at least half of the technologies written in the Aufgabe
   i didnt knew and i sticked to the principles i know mostly , but also tried new things
   like setting own Toolbar and putting a Menu on it , or Spinners with String Array
   or Sharing a Activity that is in my Favorites list with someone else(Intent share).

2. I used Retrofit first time completly by myself and my first project was
   with Volley , and Retrofit is really much easier and Comfortabler to work with.
   I tried to use RecyclerView instead of ListView but time was too short for 
   it and i didnt knew how to set emptyView on RecyclerView while
   in ListView its pretty simple and straightforward.

3. I tried to work on the App 24 Hours long but 80% of the Code and Design
   got finished in around 14 Hours , afterwards my brain was too tired and
   exhausted to work fast and i was pretty much Coding and thinking in Slow
   Motion for the reminder of time.

4. I came until to function to open Settings and put Filter on the Activity that 
   gets generated. But around 1 PM i gave up because i was too tired to do anything
   just polished the App a little bit and send it to my Girlfriend to try out, which
   is funny because on everyone else Phone the App works but on my Phone it crashes.
   Couldnt also connect to my Laptop via USB to check out the problem because my phone
   did not recognize anything , but my Dads phone worked without any problems.

5. Also showed the Aufgabe to my Teacher and he said he didnt use half of the stuff
   that was expected there and that they are probably the newest Technologies that dont
   have wide usage.

6. But it was overall fun and really interesting experience to work invest this much
   Time in an App and try to make it work, i was stuck on one problem for 1 hour
   which was really stupid because after the 1 Hour trying to fix i just googled 
   the exception that was in the Logcat and ofcourse someone in Stackoverflow
   had the same problem and i solved the issue in 10 seconds :D.

7. I think im going to work on that App a little bit more and it will be mine
   Frankenstein Experiment where i try everything out that i didnt do before.
   Ah and i also didnt use any Fragments because i dont use them much and
   felt more comfortable using standart Activitys , but i will try to learn
   the next days about them more and try to implement them in my Projects.

8. So that was my Experience and i would love to get a Feedback from your
   Team about what i could have done better or used differently and what they 
   would have used if it was Customers wish to get a App like this
   this time i tried to not be too creative with function and variable names 
   and not to use Denglisch but standart Englisch :D
   uuund habe wieder ein ganzes Roman geschrieben :))
   (9 Tassen Kaffee habe ich geschaft , werde höchstwarscheinlich bis morgen 16:00 Uhr
    schlafen :))

 Mit freundlichen Grüßen
 Bekir Yüksektepe

    
      
   